Adding GitPOAP blog post (#1216)
trufflesuite/trufflesuite.com: src/blog/contributors-youve-earned-a-gitpoap/index.md

---
title: Hey Trufflesuite contributors, you’ve earned a POAP!

> hide:
>   - navigation

Reviewer: I don't think we shouldn't hide the navigation.

```suggestion
```

---

**By Kingsley Arinze**

Hey Trufflesuite contributors, we’re excited to share that in collaboration with the [GitPOAP](https://gitpoap.io/) team, we will be issuing POAPs in appreciation of your awesome contributions over the years. 

## What are POAPs?

POAPs (Proof Of Attendance Protocol) are badges issued as NFTs (non-fungible token) to prove that the recipient/owner has carried out an action or has attended an event. They are like gold medals from the Olympics, except these exist as digital collectibles. 

## Who's eligible to claim a GitPOAP?

> Great question. Annual contributor POAPs will be issued to those who have contributed at least once all year since the start of the following projects:

Reviewer: I don't think the "once all year" part makes grammatical sense here. I think "one of more times since" would be better?

Author: agreed, updated (1833ced8)...although i assume you meant "_one or more times since_" 😊

- Ganache
- Truffle

> - trufflesuite.com website

Reviewer: can we link to the github repos?

Author: yup 7809a6cff7217af1b691bc54d43adf40646ddffd

> Those of you who have contributed to all three projects can claim all three POAPs! 

Reviewer: Can you get multiple POAPs per project?

Author: going to go with it as is (for the moment) as i kinda feel this is implied. happy to change later 😅

> Here are some POAPs you should expect to receive as a TruffleSuite contributor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some POAPs you should expect to receive as a TruffleSuite contributor:
```

> ![gitpoap examples](./poap-examples.png)

Reviewer: This alt description is not descriptive enough. If the person was blind, how would you describe the contents?

Author: great point 🙏 updated to "_3 examples of GitPOAPs you could expect to receive as a contributor_" 1f372370

## How and when can I claim my POAP?

POAPs will be issued as NFTs, so contributors must authenticate with their GitHub accounts on the [GitPOAP website](https://gitpoap.io/) to claim their POAP.

> All POAPs are minted on Gnosis Chain (Formerly xDai). There is no cost to claim your POAP and it can be migrated to the Ethereum mainnet if you pay the gas fee for the transaction. Learn how to do that [here](https://intercom.help/poap/en/articles/5790336-how-do-i-migrate-my-poap-to-mainnet).

Reviewer: "here" is not descriptive and should be avoided in links. This also suggests changing the wording a bit, though I'm not sure if it is much improved after my changes. Feel free to ignore those suggestions. :-)

```suggestion
All POAPs are minted on Gnosis Chain (formerly xDai). There is no cost to claim a POAP and it can be migrated to Ethereum Mainnet by sending a transaction. Visit [how do I migrate my POAP to Mainnet](https://intercom.help/poap/en/articles/5790336-how-do-i-migrate-my-poap-to-mainnet) for instructions.
```

The official start date for claiming is April 7, 2022, so mark your calendars and claim your GitPOAP as soon as possible.

> Thanks to the [GitPOAP](https://twitter.com/gitpoap) team for selecting the Trufflesuite of tools as one of the lucky few projects in their launch cohort.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to the [GitPOAP](https://twitter.com/gitpoap) team for selecting Truffle as one of the lucky few projects in their launch cohort.
```
